[16.0][ADD] product_english_name module (#1732)
OCA/product-attribute: product_english_name/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module display product name in english near name in user language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module displays the product name in English near the products name in user's language.
```

Use case:

> Product name is a very important information at least you buy products in a foreign country.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Product name is very important information at least if you buy products in a foreign country.
```

> It often occurs that in an odoo instance product names don't match with their translations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It often occurs that in an odoo instance the product names don't match with their translations.
```

> This module can help to detect error on translations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module can help to detect those translation errors.
```

.. figure:: ../static/description/screen_french.png

>     :alt: Display product name in english near name in user language

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :alt: Display the product name in English near the product name in users language
```
